src/pages/components/post-header.mdx, before:

---
title: "PostHeader"
layout: "../../layouts/MainLayout.astro"
---
import PostHeader from '../../components/PostHeader.astro'
export const author = { firstName: 'Szymon', name: 'CNK' } 
export const categories = [{"name":"Tools & garage accessories","uri":"#"}, {"name":"Lorem Ipsum","uri":"#"}]
export const date = "2023-07-13T01:35:03"

## PostHeader

WordPress PostHeader - post top component for WordPress Single Post template data like categories etc. comes from WP Rest API.


<div class="component-preview">
  <div class="relative w-full">
    <PostHeader
      author={author}
      categories={categories}
      title="Lorem Ipsum"
      date={date}
      image="https://img.freepik.com/free-photo/morskie-oko-tatry_1204-510.jpg?w=1380&t=st=1706297574~exp=1706298174~hmac=5c93e7317e7dbe602d5dcd708c5b9708ffabcb5e8ab2b7f2790941975dfcefe4"
    />
  </div>
</div>

```js
  <div class="relative">
    <PostHeader
      author={ { firstName: 'Szymon', name: 'CNK' }  }
      categories={  [{"name":"Tools & garage accessories","uri":"/category/garage/tools-garage-accessories/"}, , {"name":"Lorem Ipsum","uri":"#"}] }
            title="Lorem Ipsum"
      date="2023-07-13T01:35:03"
      image="https://img.freepik.com/free-photo/morskie-oko-tatry_1204-510.jpg?w=1380&t=st=1706297574~exp=1706298174~hmac=5c93e7317e7dbe602d5dcd708c5b9708ffabcb5e8ab2b7f2790941975dfcefe4"
    />
  </div>
```


## PostHeader - only title

<div class="component-preview">
  <div class="relative w-full">
    <PostHeader
      title="Lorem Ipsum"
      image="https://img.freepik.com/free-photo/painting-mountain-lake-with-mountain-background_188544-9126.jpg?w=1380&t=st=1706297408~exp=1706298008~hmac=34fe549db6a665d24269d38a8ecdd7eb3f82cfea6346c8a4039ee3c03b62aad8"
    />
  </div>
</div>

```js
  <div class="relative">
    <PostHeader
      title="Lorem Ipsum"
      image="https://img.freepik.com/free-photo/painting-mountain-lake-with-mountain-background_188544-9126.jpg?w=1380&t=st=1706297408~exp=1706298008~hmac=34fe549db6a665d24269d38a8ecdd7eb3f82cfea6346c8a4039ee3c03b62aad8"
    />
  </div>
```

Commit message:

SDS-24-01: updated docs, added integration with pagefind, cleaned code

src/pages/components/post-header.mdx, after:

---
title: "PostHeader"
layout: "../../layouts/MainLayout.astro"
---
import PostHeader from '../../components/PostHeader.astro'
export const author = { firstName: 'Szymon', name: 'CNK' } 
export const categories = [{"name":"Tools & garage accessories","uri":"#"}, {"name":"Lorem Ipsum","uri":"#"}]
export const date = "2023-07-13T01:35:03"

# PostHeader

WordPress PostHeader - post top component for WordPress Single Post template data like categories etc. comes from WP Rest API.


## PostHeader with some content for WordPress single page template

<div class="component-preview">
  <div class="relative w-full">
    <PostHeader
      author={author}
      categories={categories}
      title="Lorem Ipsum"
      date={date}
      image="https://img.freepik.com/free-photo/morskie-oko-tatry_1204-510.jpg?w=1380&t=st=1706297574~exp=1706298174~hmac=5c93e7317e7dbe602d5dcd708c5b9708ffabcb5e8ab2b7f2790941975dfcefe4"
    />
  </div>
</div>

```js
  <div class="relative">
    <PostHeader
      author={ { firstName: 'Szymon', name: 'CNK' }  }
      categories={  [{"name":"Tools & garage accessories","uri":"/category/garage/tools-garage-accessories/"}, , {"name":"Lorem Ipsum","uri":"#"}] }
            title="Lorem Ipsum"
      date="2023-07-13T01:35:03"
      image="https://img.freepik.com/free-photo/morskie-oko-tatry_1204-510.jpg?w=1380&t=st=1706297574~exp=1706298174~hmac=5c93e7317e7dbe602d5dcd708c5b9708ffabcb5e8ab2b7f2790941975dfcefe4"
    />
  </div>
```


## PostHeader - only title

<div class="component-preview">
  <div class="relative w-full">
    <PostHeader
      title="Lorem Ipsum"
      image="https://img.freepik.com/free-photo/painting-mountain-lake-with-mountain-background_188544-9126.jpg?w=1380&t=st=1706297408~exp=1706298008~hmac=34fe549db6a665d24269d38a8ecdd7eb3f82cfea6346c8a4039ee3c03b62aad8"
    />
  </div>
</div>

```js
  <div class="relative">
    <PostHeader
      title="Lorem Ipsum"
      image="https://img.freepik.com/free-photo/painting-mountain-lake-with-mountain-background_188544-9126.jpg?w=1380&t=st=1706297408~exp=1706298008~hmac=34fe549db6a665d24269d38a8ecdd7eb3f82cfea6346c8a4039ee3c03b62aad8"
    />
  </div>
```
